Q.Explore and explain the various methods in console function
  Explain them


->1.console.clear(); - Clears messages from the console window, including script-error messages, and also clears script that appears in the console window. 
		     Does not clear script that you entered into the console input prompt

  2.console.error("error message"); - Sends message to the console window. The message text is red and prefaced by an error symbol.
                                    Objects that are passed by using the command are converted to a string value.

  3.console.log(Date()); - Sends message to the console window.
                         If you pass an object, this command sends that object to the console window and displays it in an object visualizer. 
			 You can use the visualizer to inspect properties in the console window.

  4.console.warn("warning message"); - Sends message to the console window, prefaced by a warning symbol.
				     Objects that are passed by using the command are converted to a string value.

  5.console.error("error message"); - Sends message to the console window. The message text is red and prefaced by an error symbol.
				    Objects that are passed by using the command are converted to a string value.


Q.Write the difference between var, let and const with code examples

->var declarations are globally scoped or function scoped while let and const are block scoped. 
  var variables can be updated and re-declared within its scope; 
  let variables can be updated but not re-declared; 
  const variables can neither be updated nor re-declared.


Q.Write a brief intro on available data types in Javascript.

->Data types describe the different types or kinds of data that we're gonna be working with and storing in variables. 
  In Javascript, there are five basic, or primitive, types of data. 
  The five most basic types of data are strings, numbers, booleans, undefined, and null. 
  We refer to these as primitive data types.